Commonly used RULES
-------------------
1. Customization Rule - This rule type tells IIQ how to perform a certain customization to the aggregated data, 
			such as taking all the columns associated with entitlements and converting them into one entitlement string attribute.

2. Correlation Rule   - This rule type is used to define identity correlation for applications whose accounts cannot be correlated to Identities 
			through a simple attribute match in a correlation configuration

3. Creation Rule      - This rule type can be used to perform a variety of functions, such as setting an identity’s password, 
		   	changing the name of aggregated identities, or setting an attribute to all caps.

Connector specific rules
-------------------------
4. Build Map Rule     - Perform data manipulation on the delimited file account data as it is read from the file.

5. Merge Map Rule     - This rule is an alternative to the merging configuration.  
		    	If more complex logic is required for record merging than a basic index-column-match algorithm, this rule can be used.

6. Map To Resource 
	Object Rule   - This is a rule hook available for data manipulation of the account data as each record is processed.  This rule is run 
			after any record merging configured for the application has occurred. Without a map to resourceObject rule present, 
			IdentityIQ will automatically translate a record’s hashmap representation into a resourceObject representation; 
			this rule allows customers to manipulate data during that transformation process.

7. Pre-Iterate Rule   - This rule runs only once for the whole file before the records in the file are processed. 
		        Examples include unzipping the file, validating the file date before aggregating potentially 
		        stale data, building a local map of lookup data from a remote source which can be used in the 
		        aggregation process, etc.

8. Postiterate Rule   - This rule runs once for the whole file after the records in the file are processed. 
		      	Examples include deleting or archiving the file, clearing the local map of lookup data, 
		      	validating counts of records processed, etc.



